It is imposed on the chair on the floor to you
is money and a child does not have the
azabache has put bain assimilates
the inhabitest who would think European
There has put this pretty good hiccups
red string in front looking with
saliva and takes away
Today I heard stagnate what is
talking shit because if you behave yourself
you will not cover milk gets fresh water
to connect the power not complain
when the child has stomachache
because it is mirtha he was watching and
He is looking and looking and I was all the fault
the love that you go home upside down
That means that someone is me
ohio give anything more than where they are
tablets pressure bar
Andean
You do not even think after these snails and
embroiders bed other disease between
war because otherwise sucks goats
young older and not me
return it to the pressure pads
I will not drop the ball well
cortita do not pass the all
feet because you go to who was unmarried
Palm aesthetics only scratch because
That money is coming face up
behind the door for me not
fuck else was mere I have the
winning numbers for the lottery
we have to play to play
because I'm not
lime
I'm still waiting